c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\Stationers.dll.config
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\Stationers.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\Stationers.pdb
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\obj\Debug\Stationers.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\obj\Debug\Stationers.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stationers\Stationers\obj\Debug\Stationers.pdb
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\Stationers.dll.config
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\Stationers.dll
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\Stationers.pdb
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\obj\Debug\Stationers.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\obj\Debug\Stationers.dll
C:\Users\Student.150-16\Desktop\Ross\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\obj\Debug\Stationers.pdb
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\Stationers.dll.config
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\Stationers.dll
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\Stationers.pdb
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\obj\Debug\Stationers.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\obj\Debug\Stationers.dll
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Just IT\JustIT\Stationers\Stationers\obj\Debug\Stationers.pdb
